hey you got here fast I got a surprise
for you Peter
as you know I love you are you breaking
up with me Pete are you um relieving
different lives it's like you're
standing on the dock and I'm in the lake
Sarah I swear to god I'll jump in the
lake like a merman do you want to put
some clothes on would you like to pick
out the outfit that you break up with me
in
sexy crimefighter Sarah Marshall has
been spotted cozying up to singer and
notorious lothario Aldous snow she's
dating somebody until I do the same
thing I'm gonna feel like I want to die
[Music]
do you mind not saying that do you wanna
gag kind of now I had sex with this
woman who I barely even know I'm really
scared that I have an STD duh
Peter I'm a pediatrician have you
noticed you're sitting on a fire truck
everywhere I look I'm reminded of her
why don't you go on a vacation let's go
to Hawaii
welcome to Turtle Bay and enjoy your
stay Peter what are you doing here came
here to murder you this is a disaster go
someplace else I'm not leaving here it
looks like I'm running away
wait why you whispering you're not
following are you here you okay that
hurt but I know Sarah and I'm pretty
sure I just ruined her day
like to grab some dinner please is your
girlfriend joining no just by yourself
yeah do you want like a magazine or
something it's gonna be boring I just
would be so depressed
when you come over supervisor did you
see her boyfriend he is ridiculous I
like her hair I wonder if the carpet
matches her pubes
this spray universal pictures presents
my homie over here on this honeymoon are
you given to a hard and rough life wants
me to do certain things God would not
put a playground next to a sewage system
a comedy about getting left behind you
need to get back on that board and
coming up I think it's good you're
getting out there I think you need to
move just a tiny bit further away from
microphone no closer Oh
now a little further okay closer and
then oh I know what you're doing
forgetting sarah marshall that's a great
necklace Liz did you have that a second
ago oh that's gross
[Music]